Updated API (#42)
hermeznetwork/docs: docs/developers/api.md

* Exchange integrations

> The documentation of the API can be found [here](http://167.71.59.190:8001/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The documentation of the API can be found [here](https://apidoc.hermez.network/)
```

> In this section we will briefly outline the type of operations that can be performed with the API. In-depth information can be found in the link above.

Reviewer 2: "outline the types of operations"

The API endpoints are divided in three main groups:
1. **Account**: Provides information about accounts.
2. **Transaction**: Provides information about L2 transactions or sends transactions to a coordinator node.
3. **Hermez Status**: Provides information about operators, tokens, auctions,...

> ## Account

Reviewer: The sections of the swagger will be changed soon to coordinator / explorer endpoints: https://github.com/hermeznetwork/hermez-node/issues/409

This group of endpoints provides `account` and `exits` related information.

There are two sets of `account` operations that can be performed:
- Retrieving information from existing accounts, using `/accounts` endpoints.

> - Retrieving/configuring account authorizations using `/account-creation-authorization` endpoints. It is possible that a user authorizes the Coordinator the creation of an account with an Ethereum address using `POST /account-creation-authorization` endpoint. Then, the Coodinator will create the account at the moment this account receives a `Transfer`.

Reviewer 2: "...that a user authorizes the Coordinator to create an account with an Ethereum address..."

Additionally, `exit` endpoints collect information necessary to perform a `Withdrawal` (such as the `balance`, the `siblings` and the `batch number`).

## Transaction

> This group of endpoints provides `transaction` related information from the different databases. `Pool` database gathers all L2 transactions collected by a coordinator that are pending to be forged. `History` database gathers all (L1 and L2) forged transactions. 

Reviewer 2: "...that are pending forging."
